# Meeting minutes for IETF114 unofficial side meeting Operation and Control Networks
  See: https://trac.ietf.org/trac/ietf/meeting/wiki/114sidemeetings

Time: Monday 07/25/2022, 12:30 PM, Room: Philadelphia South

Contact:
   Kiran Makhijani, kiranm@futurewei.com
   Lijun Dong,      lijun.dong@futurewei.com

Note taker:
   TBD

Meeting Description:
   Discussion on Operations and Control Networks (OCNs)

More Information:
   High-precision network operations are critical for automation in different verticals. We would like to 
     (1) explore standardization operatunities in control system and assess the community interest in this work
     (2) Discuss control systems related use cases and talk about challenges where IETF scoped protocol can come handy. 
     (3) Talk a bout a generic model which is technology-agnostic and walk through what kind of interfaces and message types 
         will make sense. 

----
Attendees:
TBD
----
Introduction:
Moderator: Lijun Dong
      Lijun Dong has been working for Futurewei since 2015. She has one published 
      RFC in IRTF ICNRG. She is one of the voting members of ComSoc Industry 
      Communities Board (2022-2023). She was one of the board members of the WOCC 
      conference 2017-2018.
Material:  (Moderator's Slides)[MeetingSlides/Introduction.pptx]
----
Agenda:
Presentation 1: Factory automation usecases.
Speaker: Cedric Westphal
        Cedric has been working at Futurewei since 2011 and attended his first 
        IETF in 1999. He created a Special Interest Group in IEEE ComSoc on the 
        topic of Industrial Networks and just chaired the 2nd workshop on Future 
        Industrial Network Protocols earlier in July.

Material:

--------
Presentation 2: Remote Driving usecase.
Speaker: Jungha Hong
         Jungha Hong has been working as a senior researcher at ETRI in Korea 
         since 2010. She has been attending IETF since 2014 and recently published 
         2 RFCs in IRTF ICNRG. She also participates in ISO/IEC JTC 1 and ITU-T.
Material:
--------
Presentation 3: Problem statement for operations and control systems
Speaker: Faisal Tooba
         Tooba is PhD student at King’s College London and completing her PhD in 
         Telecommunications. She has been working on blockchain since 2016; 
         working as a consultant for several blockchain start-ups. She is 
         currently King's delegate in ETSI ISG for Permissioned Distributed Ledgers.
Material:
--------
Presentation 3: Reference Model operations and control systems
Speaker: Kiran Makhijani
         Kiran works with Futurewei and has worked with different SDO in
         next-gen network standardization activities. Her first IETF was in Chicago. 
         She has been working 
         on scenario solutions and design evolution of Industrial networks from past year.
Material:

